
M.Tech Degree as it is a high cadre qualification. If you are only a B.Tech it would apparently take years of experience for you to reach to such a position.
M Tech is what makes you a specialist in your work area and gives you an edge over others with Bachelors degrees.
MBA is never a bad idea but if you are passionate about your engineering subject and you want to gain optimum insight into your subject, then a masters in technology is always the better idea. 
After completing M.Tech, you may decide what career path you want to pave for your self. There are a few immediate options available. Here is run down the few –



DOCTORAL DEGREE –

 If you are very much interested in academics, then PHD is the obvious choice for you after completion of your M.Tech. 
You may opt to do your PHD in India or alternatively choose a college abroad. 
Doing a PHD abroad is advisable if you can manage your funds through scholarships or otherwise. It would also help you broaden your horizons in the outside world. 
You can further get into research and analysis areas of work.

ENTREPRENEURSHIP – 

With a masters degree or specialty on hand opting for a business is a good idea. If you have the capital, it makes things a lot smoother for you. 
But, that’s not going to be the case always. Apparently, with a subject specialty and innovative ideas, you can definitely find a way out for getting the capital needed. 
If your idea works, you know it can simply change your life. Yes, it is quite a risk initially, but to achieve something, you need to risk it. There’s no easy way out.

TEACHING PROFESSION –  
If academics is your passion but you aren’t in a position to continue studies or research, then teaching profession, is one area that pays you decently and offers you complete job satisfaction as well.
You not only get a chance to stay updated with the field of study, you also get a chance to educate many potential engineers, thus contributing to the society in a way.

CORPORATE JOBS –  
There are number of corporate giants that seek M.Tech pass outs as they want to hire subject matter experts. M.Tech makes you eligible for jobs in such big companies like google,
 Microsoft and more. So, if you are a person who wants a secure career in form of a job then, you may look out for jobs in corporate sectors.
 Agreed, that there are not umpteen opportunities available, but even the number of students doing M.Tech isn’t very high. So, you definitely stand a good chance.
In a nutshell, completing M.Tech in intself is an achievement in the field of academics and there is  indeed no looking back, if you have the passion for your subject, backed by a specialist qualification 
called M.Tech.